vendor/anything           = [git]git://repo.or.cz/anything-config.git
vendor/coffee-mode        = [git]git://github.com/defunkt/coffee-mode.git
vendor/jade-mode          = [git]git://github.com/brianc/jade-mode.git
vendor/js2-mode           = [git]git://github.com/mooz/js2-mode.git
vendor/markdown-mode      = [git]git://jblevins.org/git/markdown-mode.git
vendor/pymacs             = [git]git://github.com/pinard/Pymacs.git
vendor/tumble             = [git]git://github.com/febuiles/tumble.git
vendor/twmode             = [git]git://github.com/hayamiz/twittering-mode.git
vendor/yasnippet          = [svn]http://yasnippet.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/
vendor/slime              = [git]git://github.com/nablaone/slime.git
vendor/candy-chain        = [git]git://github.com/killdream/candy-chain.git
vendor/clojure-mode       = [git]git://github.com/technomancy/clojure-mode.git
vendor/emms               = [git]git://git.sv.gnu.org/emms.git
vendor/w3m                = [git]git://github.com/emacsmirror/w3m.git
vendor/ecb                = [git]git://github.com/emacsmirror/ecb.git
vendor/js3-mode           = [git]git://github.com/thomblake/js3-mode.git
vendor/rainbow            = [git]git://github.com/emacsmirror/rainbow-mode.git
vendor/zencoding          = [git]git://github.com/killdream/zencoding.git
vendor/parfait            = [git]git://github.com/killdream/parfait-mode.git
vendor/rainbow-delimiters = [git]git://github.com/emacsmirror/rainbow-delimiters.git
vendor/smex               = [git]git://github.com/nonsequitur/smex.git
vendor/vline              = [git]git://github.com/emacsmirror/vline.git
vendor/vbs-repl           = [git]git://github.com/emacsmirror/vbs-repl.git
vendor/lua-mode           = [git]git://github.com/immerrr/lua-mode.git
vendor/org-mode           = [git]git://orgmode.org/org-mode.git
vendor/htmlize            = [git]git://github.com/emacsmirror/htmlize.git
vendor/lorem-ipsum        = [git]git://github.com/emacsmirror/lorem-ipsum.git
